Adding a checklist to follow when setting up ETOS (#44)
eiffel-community/etos: source/getting_started/step-by-step.rst

.. _step-by-step:

.. |checkbox| raw:: html

    <input type="checkbox">

============
Step by step
============

Checklist
=========

Setting up ETOS is a daunting task when you are doing it the first time around.
But it is also easy to miss a few steps that are required for it to work.

For this reason we have created a checklist in order to keep track of what needs to be done so that no steps are forgotten.

> * |checkbox| Set up a Kubernetes cluster (ETOS runs here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| Set up a `Kubernetes <https://kubernetes.io/>`_ cluster (ETOS runs in Kubernetes)
```

> * |checkbox| Set up an execution space (Execute test runner containers)

Reviewer: It might not be obvious what an execution space is. If there is some section in the ETOS docs that explain it should be linked here.

Author: Done

* |checkbox| Set up a log area (Storing logs after execution)

> * |checkbox| Deploy MongoDB (Event storage DB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| Deploy `MongoDB <https://www.mongodb.com/>`_ (Event storage DB)
```

> * |checkbox| Deploy Redis Sentinel (ETOS internal communications)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| Deploy `Redis Sentinel <https://redis.io/topics/sentinel>`_ (ETOS internal communications)
```

> * |checkbox| Deploy RabbitMQ (must be accessible outside of kubernetes as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| Deploy `RabbitMQ <https://www.rabbitmq.com/>`_ (must be accessible outside of kubernetes as well)
```

* |checkbox| Deploy `Eiffel GraphQL API <https://eiffel-graphql-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#start-api-docker>`_

  * |checkbox| Deploy an Eiffel event storage tool. `Example <https://eiffel-graphql-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#start-storage-docker>`_

* |checkbox| Deploy ETOS helm chart: :ref:`index:Installation`
* |checkbox| Configure :ref:`etos-environment-provider`

   * |checkbox| :ref:`services/etos_environment_provider:IUT Provider`

   * |checkbox| :ref:`services/etos_environment_provider:Execution Space Provider`

   * |checkbox| :ref:`services/etos_environment_provider:Log Area Provider`

> * |checkbox| Create a :ref:`tercc`

Reviewer: We should call this ETOS Test Collection instead. TERCC is from the eiffel event name but I believe we never really tell that story in the documentation.

Author: Done. Link is still named 'tercc' so that no other parts break.

>    * |checkbox| Upload TERCC to an area with anonymous access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * |checkbox| Upload TERCC to an area with no required authorization.
```

* |checkbox| Generate an `ArtC <https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel/blob/master/eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelArtifactCreatedEvent.md>`_
* |checkbox| Generate an `ArtP <https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel/blob/master/eiffel-vocabulary/EiffelArtifactPublishedEvent.md>`_

> * |checkbox| Verify that these exist in the Eiffel GraphQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |checkbox| Verify that the ArtC and ArtP events exist in the Eiffel GraphQL API.
```
